feat: add `secretKeyPath` for reading key from fs at build-time (#174)
nuxt-modules/turnstile: README.md

   ```js
   export default defineNuxtConfig({
     modules: ['@nuxtjs/turnstile'],
     // Pass a path to a file containing the secret key by passing it in the module options like in the line below
     // modules: [['@nuxtjs/turnstile', { secretKeyPath: 'turnstile.secret' }]],
     
     turnstile: {

>        siteKey: '<your-site-key>',

Reviewer: The `turnstile` configuration is already defined. Why add it a second, untyped time under modules?

   })
   ```

>   You can pass the secret key either directly in the runtime config or via a environment variable, or you can pass the path to a file that contains the secret key in the inline options. This is helpful when using docker secrets where docker passes the secret key via a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can pass the secret key either directly in the runtime config or via an environment variable, or you can pass the path to a file that contains the secret key in the module options. This is helpful when using docker secrets where docker passes the secret key via a file.
```

>   Remember to remove the secret key property from the runtime config when using the path as the property from the runtime config will be used then.

Reviewer: The secret key is not part of the runtime configuration anymore, so this sentence can be removed I think.
